README.md, before:

# Azure Resource Manager Tools

This extension provides language support for Azure Resource Manager deployment templates and template language expressions.

## Features
- IntelliSense
    - [Template Language Expression (TLE) function names](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=733958)
    - [Parameter references](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=733959)
    - [Variable references](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=733960)
    - [resourceGroup() properties](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/resource-group-template-functions/#resourcegroup)
    - [subscription() properties](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/resource-group-template-functions/#subscription)
    - Properties of references to variables that are objects
- [Signature help](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/editingevolved#_parameter-hints) for TLE function parameters
- [Go To Definition](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/editingevolved#_go-to-definition) for variable and parameter references
- [Peek](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/editingevolved#_peek) for variable and parameter definitions
- Find all references (Shift + F12) for variables and parameters
- Rename all references (F2) for variables and parameters
- [Hover](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/editingevolved#_hover) for parameter description
- [TLE brace matching](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/editingevolved#_bracket-matching)
- [Errors](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/editingevolved#_errors-warnings) for:
    - Undefined parameter references
    - Undefined variable references
    - Unrecognized TLE function names
    - [reference() function usage in variable definition](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/resource-group-template-functions/#reference)
    - Incorrect number of arguments in TLE functions
- [Warnings](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/editingevolved#_errors-warnings) for:
    - Unused parameters
    - Unused variables

## To Install

Press F1 in VSCode, type "ext install" and then look for "Azure Resource Manager Tools".

## Feedback

Please post questions, comments, feature requests, or bugs at [UserVoice](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=733961).

## License and Privacy Statement

Please see our [EULA](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=734037) and [Privacy Statement](https://www.visualstudio.com/en-us/dn948229).

If you want to opt out of telemetry, you can do so by:
1. Opening VS Code
2. Select File > Preferences > User Settings
3. Change "azurermtools.enableTelemetry" value to false.

## Related Links

- [VS Code Azure Resource Manager snippets and cross platform deployment scripts](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=733962)
- [Azure Quickstart Templates](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=734038)

## Change Log

Version 0.3.7 (09/08/2017)
- Add support for if, and, or, not and json TLEs

Version 0.3.6 (07/27/2017)
- Bug fix for autocompletion

Version 0.3.5 (05/11/2017)
- Add new TLE function metadata

Version 0.3.4 (01/27/2017)
- Update dependencies versions

Version 0.3.3 (10/31/2016)
- Bug fixes

Version 0.3.2 (06/15/2016)
- Bug fixes

Version 0.3.1 (06/08/2016)
- Removed Resources link to License

Version 0.3.0 (06/08/2016)
- Add [resourceGroup() properties](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/resource-group-template-functions/#resourcegroup)
- Add [subscription() properties](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/resource-group-template-functions/#subscription)
- Add [signature help](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/editingevolved#_parameter-hints) for TLE function parameters
- Add find all references (Shift + F12) for variables and parameters
- Add rename all references (F2) for variables and parameters
- Add error for [reference() function usage in variable definition](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/resource-group-template-functions/#reference)
- Add error for incorrect number of arguments in TLE functions
- Add warning for unused parameters
- Add warning for unused variables
- Add IntelliSense for properties of references to variables that are objects

Version 0.2.0 (05/23/2016)
- Add [Go to Definition](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/editingevolved#_go-to-definition) for parameter and variable references
- Add [Peek](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/editingevolved#_peek) for variable and parameter definitions
- Various bug fixes and improved telemetry

Version 0.1.2
- Add user survey prompt and make parameter and variable references case-insensitive

Version 0.1.1
- Fix function, parameter, and variable IntelliSense 

Version 0.1.0
- Initial release

Commit message:

Update contribution guidelines. (#3)
Adds contribution guidelines including the CLA and CoC; removes UserVoice
reference.

Closes #2

README.md, after:

# Azure Resource Manager Tools

This extension provides language support for Azure Resource Manager deployment templates and template language expressions.

## Features
- IntelliSense
    - [Template Language Expression (TLE) function names](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=733958)
    - [Parameter references](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=733959)
    - [Variable references](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=733960)
    - [resourceGroup() properties](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/resource-group-template-functions/#resourcegroup)
    - [subscription() properties](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/resource-group-template-functions/#subscription)
    - Properties of references to variables that are objects
- [Signature help](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/editingevolved#_parameter-hints) for TLE function parameters
- [Go To Definition](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/editingevolved#_go-to-definition) for variable and parameter references
- [Peek](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/editingevolved#_peek) for variable and parameter definitions
- Find all references (Shift + F12) for variables and parameters
- Rename all references (F2) for variables and parameters
- [Hover](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/editingevolved#_hover) for parameter description
- [TLE brace matching](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/editingevolved#_bracket-matching)
- [Errors](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/editingevolved#_errors-warnings) for:
    - Undefined parameter references
    - Undefined variable references
    - Unrecognized TLE function names
    - [reference() function usage in variable definition](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/resource-group-template-functions/#reference)
    - Incorrect number of arguments in TLE functions
- [Warnings](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/editingevolved#_errors-warnings) for:
    - Unused parameters
    - Unused variables

## To Install

Press F1 in VSCode, type "ext install" and then look for "Azure Resource Manager Tools".

## Contributing

This project welcomes contributions and suggestions.  Most contributions require you to agree to a
Contributor License Agreement (CLA) declaring that you have the right to, and actually do, grant us
the rights to use your contribution. For details, visit https://cla.microsoft.com.

When you submit a pull request, a CLA-bot will automatically determine whether you need to provide
a CLA and decorate the PR appropriately (e.g., label, comment). Simply follow the instructions
provided by the bot. You will only need to do this once across all repos using our CLA.

This project has adopted the [Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/).
For more information see the [Code of Conduct FAQ](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq/) or
contact [opencode@microsoft.com](mailto:opencode@microsoft.com) with any additional questions or comments.

## Telemetry
VS Code collects usage data and sends it to Microsoft to help improve our products and services. Read our [privacy statement](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=528096&clcid=0x409) to learn more. If you don’t wish to send usage data to Microsoft, you can set the `telemetry.enableTelemetry` setting to `false`. Learn more in our [FAQ](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/supporting/faq#_how-to-disable-telemetry-reporting).

## Related Links

- [VS Code Azure Resource Manager snippets and cross platform deployment scripts](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=733962)
- [Azure Quickstart Templates](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=734038)

## Change Log

Version 0.3.7 (09/08/2017)
- Add support for if, and, or, not and json TLEs

Version 0.3.6 (07/27/2017)
- Bug fix for autocompletion

Version 0.3.5 (05/11/2017)
- Add new TLE function metadata

Version 0.3.4 (01/27/2017)
- Update dependencies versions

Version 0.3.3 (10/31/2016)
- Bug fixes

Version 0.3.2 (06/15/2016)
- Bug fixes

Version 0.3.1 (06/08/2016)
- Removed Resources link to License

Version 0.3.0 (06/08/2016)
- Add [resourceGroup() properties](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/resource-group-template-functions/#resourcegroup)
- Add [subscription() properties](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/resource-group-template-functions/#subscription)
- Add [signature help](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/editingevolved#_parameter-hints) for TLE function parameters
- Add find all references (Shift + F12) for variables and parameters
- Add rename all references (F2) for variables and parameters
- Add error for [reference() function usage in variable definition](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/resource-group-template-functions/#reference)
- Add error for incorrect number of arguments in TLE functions
- Add warning for unused parameters
- Add warning for unused variables
- Add IntelliSense for properties of references to variables that are objects

Version 0.2.0 (05/23/2016)
- Add [Go to Definition](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/editingevolved#_go-to-definition) for parameter and variable references
- Add [Peek](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/editingevolved#_peek) for variable and parameter definitions
- Various bug fixes and improved telemetry

Version 0.1.2
- Add user survey prompt and make parameter and variable references case-insensitive

Version 0.1.1
- Fix function, parameter, and variable IntelliSense 

Version 0.1.0
- Initial release
